worker1 http://sunnyfun.com    porn
worker1 http://sex-mission.com porn
worker1 http://google.com      porn
worker1 http://youporn.com     porn
worker1 http://yahoo.com       porn
worker2 http://sunnyfun.com    notporn
worker2 http://sex-mission.com porn
worker2 http://google.com      notporn
worker2 http://youporn.com     porn
worker2 http://yahoo.com       porn
worker3 http://sunnyfun.com    notporn
worker3 http://sex-mission.com porn
worker3 http://google.com      notporn
worker3 http://youporn.com     porn
worker3 http://yahoo.com       notporn
worker4 http://sunnyfun.com    notporn
worker4 http://sex-mission.com porn
worker4 http://google.com      notporn
worker4 http://youporn.com     porn
worker4 http://yahoo.com       notporn
worker5 http://sunnyfun.com    porn
worker5 http://sex-mission.com notporn
worker5 http://google.com      porn
worker5 http://youporn.com     notporn
worker5 http://yahoo.com       porn
